1 Revision Date: 5/21/18   INDOFINE Chemical Company, Inc.     121 Stryker Lane, Building 30    Hillsborough, NJ  08844   USA    Phone: (908) 359-6778; Fax: (908) 359-1179    SAFETY DATA SHEET  SECTION 1:  PRODUCT AND COMPANY IDENTIFICATION   Product name:  3,6,3',4'-TETRAMETHOXYFLAVONE  Synonym:   no data available  Product number:  22-309   Supplier:   INDOFINE Chemical Company, Inc.     121 Stryker Lane     Building 30     Hillsborough, NJ 08844  Telephone:  (908)359-6778  Fax:   (908)359-1179  Emergency phone: 800-424-9300  SECTION 2:  HAZARDS IDENTIFICATION   Avoid prolonged exposure.  Do not breathe vapor.  Use caution when handling.  Exposure to any chemical should be limited.  To the best of our knowledge, the health hazards of this product have not been fully investigated.  This product is provided solely for the purpose of research and development.   POTENTIAL HEALTH EFFECTS The toxicological properties of the material have not been investigated.  Use appropriate procedures to prevent opportunities for direct contact with the skin or eyes and to prevent inhalation/ingestion.   SECTION 3:  COMPOSITION/INFORMATION ON INGREDIENTS   Synonyms:  no data available  CAS#:    no data available  Molecular Formula:  C19H18O6  Molecular weight:  342.35  SECTION 4:   FIRST-AID MEASURES  Eye Contact: Check for and remove any contact lenses. Immediately flush eyes with clean, running water for at least 15 minutes while keeping eyes open. Cool water may be used. Seek medical attention. Skin Contact: After contact with skin, wash with generous quantities of running water. Gently and thoroughly was affected area with running water and non-abrasive soap. Cool water may be used. Cover the affected area with emollient. Seek medical attention. Wash any contaminated clothing prior to reusing. Inhalation: Remove the victim from the source of exposure to fresh, uncontaminated air. If victim’s breathing is difficult, administer oxygen. Seek medical attention. 2 Revision Date: 5/21/18 Ingestion: Do NOT induce vomiting. Never give anything by mouth to an unconscious person. Rinse mouth with water. Seek medical attention.  SECTION 5:  FIRE FIGHTING MEASURES   Extinguishing media:  Carbon dioxide, dry powder, regular foam.  Special fire fighting  procedures:   Wear self-contained breathing apparatus and protective clothing to  prevent contact with skin and eyes.   Unusual fire and explosion  hazards/decomposition  of product:   Can emit toxic fumes under fire conditions.  SECTION 6:  ACCIDENTAL RELEASE MEASURES  Steps to be taken if material is spilled or otherwise released into the environment: Wear appropriate respirator, impervious boots and heavy rubber (or otherwise impervious) gloves. Scoop up solid material or absorb liquid material and place into appropriate container. Ventilate area and wash affected spill area after pickup is complete. Wash skin immediately with plenty of water. Place solid or absorbed material into containers and close for disposal.  SECTION 7:  HANDLING AND STORAGE   Do not breathe dust or vapor.  Have safety shower and eye wash available.  Do not get in eyes, on skin or on clothing.  Keep container tightly closed.  Store in a cool, dry place.  Ensure adequate ventilation during use.  Use only in a chemical fume hood.  SECTION 8:  EXPOSURE CONTROLS/PERSONAL PROTECTION   Engineering controls: Safety shower and eye bath. Mechanical exhaust required.  Personal Protective Equipment Respiratory: Use respirators and components tested and approved under appropriate government standards such as NIOSH (US) or CEN (EU). Hand:  Handle with chemical-resistant gloves. Gloves must be inspected prior to use. Use proper glove removal technique (without touching glove’s outer surface) to avoid skin contact with this product. Dispose of contaminated gloves after use in accordance with applicable laws and good laboratory practices. Wash and dry hands. Eye:  Wear protective safety goggles. Use equipment for eye protection tested and  approved under appropriate government standards. Skin and Body:Wear protective clothing and chemical resistant boots to protect against chemical. The type of protective equipment must be selected according to the concentration and amount of the dangerous substance at the specific workplace. Hygiene: Handle in accordance with good industrial hygiene and safety practice. Wash hands before breaks and at the end of the workday.  SECTION 9:  PHYSICAL AND CHEMICAL PROPERTIES  3 Revision Date: 5/21/18  Appearance:   White crystals  Molecular formula:  C19H18O6  Molecular weight:  342.35  Melting/boiling point:  165-167oC   pH:    no data available  Flash point:   no data available  Ignition temperature:  no data available  Autoignition temperature: no data available  Decomposition temperature: no data available  Lower explosion limit:  no data available  Upper explosion limit:  no data available  Vapor pressure:  no data available  Density:   no data available  Viscosity:   no data available  Water solubility:  no data available  Partition coefficient:  no data available      n-octanol/water  Relative vapor density: no data available  Odor:    no data available  Odor threshold:  no data available  Evaporation rate:  no data available  SECTION 10: STABILITY AND REACTIVITY  Reactivity No data available.  Chemical stability Stable under recommended storage conditions.  Possibility of hazardous reactions No hazardous reactions during storage and handling complying with the instructions.  Conditions to avoid No data available.  Incompatible materials No data available  Hazardous decomposition products No hazardous decomposition products if the instructions for handling and storage are respected. During high overheating of the substance or during a fire, hazardous decomposition products may be produced.  SECTION 11 : TOXICOLOGICAL INFORMATION   Acute oral toxicity:  no data available  Acute dermal toxicity:  no data available  Acute inhalation toxicity: no data available  Skin corrosion:  no data available  Skin irritation:   no data available  Serious eye damage:  no data available  Eye irritation:   no data available  Respiratory sensitization: no data available  Skin sensitization:  no data available  Germ cell mutagenicity: no data available  Carcinogenicity:  no data available 4 Revision Date: 5/21/18  Reproductive toxicity:  no data available  Specific target organ toxicity: no data available  (Single exposure)  Specific target organ toxicity: no data available  (Repeated exposure)  Aspiration hazard:  no data available   To the best of our knowledge, the toxicological properties of this product have not been fully investigated or determined.  SECTION 12: ECOLOGICAL INFORMATION   Toxicity:   no data available  Persistence and degradability:no data available  Bioaccumulative potential: no data available  Mobility in soil:  no data available  Results of PBT and vPv   assessment:   no data available  Other adverse effects:  no data available  SECTION 13: DISPOSAL CONSIDERATIONS  Waste treatment methods Product waste: Dispose of content and/or container in accordance with local, regional, national, and/or international regulations. Packaging waste: Dispose of content and/or container in accordance with local, regional, national, and/or international regulations.  SECTION 14: TRANSPORTATION INFORMATION   DOT (US)   Unrestricted  SECTION 15: REGULATORY INFORMATION   Adhere to all Federal, State, and local regulations.   SECTION 16: OTHER INFORMATION   The information above is believed to be accurate and represents the best information currently available to us. This shall only be used as a guide. The data may in no case be considered as product specifications. It does not represent any guarantee of the properties of the product. It is provided for information purposes only with no obligation on our part. Users should make their own investigations to determine the suitability of the information for their particular purposes. In no event, shall INDOFINE Chemical Company, Inc. be held liable for the use which is made of our products and for the information given above. INDOFINE Chemical Company, Inc assumes no responsibility for any damage resulting from handling or from contact with the above product.  